everyone knows you are welcome
today it is about a luxury care for
my eyes and I have one here
much about the company long eye around which
those four alike cologne im
the special thing about these eyes is serum
that this serum starts a massage
what you get in the normal
Eye Care does not have as you see
there is an applicator in here
the shape of a pearl and this
applicator rotates by 360 ° that means
you can really have a great eye
passage make the whole eye into it
Respectively
it is really mine
opinion a great product because it
stop the youthfulness of the proteins
skin activates us in one
certain time then lose synonymous
I guess so from 30 could go
But it does not have to go
and these are still present in us
Of course we do not see any more with 40 50
look like this or your eyes are more like this
then as was the age of 20 then everything is
even firmer praia and beautiful
and because it can stop everything
Do this with this beautiful eyes very much
in order to re-establish by that
the youthfulness of the proteins
activated and that's why I think so
also a luxury product because it holds many
Characters simultaneously fought and it
really does not take that much time in
claim I do that every morning and
every evening before I go to bed
I always have that in the refrigerator
in the evening it is nice but straight
in the morning so have this hello awake
effect because these pearls prevail in front
is cooled
so I would show you now like that
whole works that is in the
leaflet also very very good
I've described that, of course
because looked at because otherwise I have too
I do not do any specific technology
Apply and I have also very good
he likes being shown as well
You do this massage when you are
edit shadows and bags
I would like to have a small one
Circling movements massage died
and move here
you can see how nice that is now
serum is applied here is this power
Of course you also on the upper lid
or under the brown drugs one man
So it can really be the whole eye
work around it because of the
You can turn your head 360 degrees
here on the side also the beautiful
crows feet edit that I still
but I did not want to have it either
So I like it all around wonderfully
I'm totally excited and it really has
a nice effect you get right
tired and if you have fine lines and
Fatigue has then becomes
a foal with the massage head down and
to make movements and that of
inside out because they are so after this
You can grind on the outside
Of course, do it upstairs if you can
You could have completed it
still nice a shiatsu massage
miss that means so the
pressure points on the face or around the eye
around because you can activate in order
and here are three pressure points over
present in the eye
yes, you have several jihad too
pressure points on the face which is also very
good is the beauty of the face
or of the eye
and these pressure points you can with
slight pressure here
because of this beautiful pearl applicator
also stimulate
yes, that was me too
I hope one or the other
help in search of one
Thank you very much for looking and seeing
I wish you a nice time
bye then